New permissions to access smart rules [PAB-4929] (#3854)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/streaming-analytics/smart-rules-plugin-bundle/getting-started.md

- The smart rules plugin is installed in the desired application, and the **Smart rules (NEW) plugin** is enabled in **Preview feature**.
- The user has the required privileges to access Analytics Builder models and create new instances of Analytics builder templated models. Refer to [Permissions](/streaming-analytics/introduction-analytics/#permissions).

> #### Role-based Access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Role-based access {#role-based-access}
```

> Following Roles are reqiured to access Smart rules (NEW)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following permissions are required to access Smart rules (NEW):
```

Reviewer: Change to "smart rules" as we decided not to capitalize this feature.

- The smart rules plugin is installed in the desired application, and the **Smart rules (NEW) plugin** is enabled in **Preview feature**.
- The user has the required privileges to access Analytics Builder models and create new instances of Analytics builder templated models. Refer to [Permissions](/streaming-analytics/introduction-analytics/#permissions).

#### Role-based access {#role-based-access}
**Smart rule instances** in [Global role](/standard-tenant/managing-permissions/#to-add-a-global-role) is provided to manage permissions required to access **Smart rules (NEW)** instances.

|privilege|Description|
|---------|-----------|

> |**READ**|Grants view-only access to Smart rule instances. Users with this permission can view existing instances but cannot create, modify, or delete them.|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|**READ**|Grants read-only access to Smart rule instances. Users with this permission can view existing instances but cannot create, modify, or delete them.|
```

|**ADMIN**|Grants full control over Smart rule instances. Users with this permission can Create, Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD) Smart rule instances.|

> 

Reviewer 3: please add references to roles required to manage models

Author: Have added description at the end of this section

- The smart rules plugin is installed in the desired application, and the **Smart rules (NEW) plugin** is enabled in **Preview feature**.
- The user has the required privileges to access Analytics Builder models and create new instances of Analytics builder templated models. Refer to [Permissions](/streaming-analytics/introduction-analytics/#permissions).

#### Managing permissions to smart rules (NEW) instances {#managing-permissions-to-smart-rules-instances}

> **Smart rule instances** in [Global role](/standard-tenant/managing-permissions/#to-add-a-global-role) is provided to manage permissions required to access **Smart rules (NEW)** instances. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Smart rule instances** permission under [global roles](/standard-tenant/managing-permissions/#to-add-a-global-role) allows you to manage permissions required to access smart rules (NEW) instances. 
```

> |Permission type|Description|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Permission|Description|
```

Actually, "Smart rule instances" is the permission type, and READ/ADMIN are the specific permissions within that type

Reviewer: @ben-c8y I´m actually currently discussing this with @beabehnisch as I also stumbled over it here. That is the way I used it in the docs so far. So let´s take your suggestion for now. In general, we actually use "permission" for both, permission type and access rights.

|---------|-----------|
|**READ**|Grants read-only access to smart rule instances. Users with this permission can view existing instances but cannot create, update, or delete them.|
|**ADMIN**|Grants full control over smart rule instances. Users with this permission can create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) smart rule instances.|

These permissions ensure fine-grained access control, allowing administrators to manage user privileges based on operational requirements.

> The permissions described above grant read-only access to the underlying Analytics Builder model. Management actions on the Analytics Builder model (like create, edit, or delete) require the *CEP management* roles, see [permissions](/streaming-analytics/introduction-analytics/#permissions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The permissions described above grant read-only access to the underlying Analytics Builder model. Management actions on the Analytics Builder model (like create, edit, or delete) require the *CEP management* permissions, see [permissions](/streaming-analytics/introduction-analytics/#permissions).
```

- The smart rules plugin is installed in the desired application, and the **Smart rules (NEW) plugin** is enabled in **Preview feature**.
- The user has the required privileges to access Analytics Builder models and create new instances of Analytics builder templated models. Refer to [Permissions](/streaming-analytics/introduction-analytics/#permissions).

> #### Managing permissions to Smart rules (NEW) instances {#managing-permissions-to-smart-rules-instances}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Managing permissions to smart rules (NEW) instances {#managing-permissions-to-smart-rules-instances}
```

**Smart rule instances** in [Global role](/standard-tenant/managing-permissions/#to-add-a-global-role) is provided to manage permissions required to access **Smart rules (NEW)** instances. 

> |privilege|Description|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Permission type|Description|
```

|---------|-----------|

> |**READ**|Grants read-only access to Smart rule instances. Users with this permission can view existing instances but cannot create, modify, or delete them.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**READ**|Grants read-only access to smart rule instances. Users with this permission can view existing instances but cannot create, update, or delete them.|
```

> |**ADMIN**|Grants full control over Smart rule instances. Users with this permission can Create, Read, Update, and Delete (CRUD) Smart rule instances.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**ADMIN**|Grants full control over smart rule instances. Users with this permission can create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) smart rule instances.|
```

These permissions ensure fine-grained access control, allowing administrators to manage user privileges based on operational requirements.

With this permission, the user can only view the model associated with the instance. The user is restricted from creating, editing, or deleting the underlying model. 

> These higher privileges are managed through the Analytics Builder [permissions](/streaming-analytics/introduction-analytics/#permissions), which are configured by the tenant administrator.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These higher privileges are managed through the Analytics Builder [permissions](/streaming-analytics/introduction-analytics/#permissions), which can be configured by the tenant administrator.
```
